Your invitation letter is fake, hahahahaha.
I knew it was fake.
You are a fake tube
How can there be an invitation letter?
Look good, the real invitation letter
Look at this hahahaha
Liu Han, what can I say about you?
You actually believe a loser
Keep your eyes peeled.
This is a special invitation.
Only VIPs have it.
We didn't invite him at all.
He is short of goods, I see how long you have to pack it.
Don't let him get out
Get out of here, you dog-eyed thing
I'll call Ma Long and ask him to fire you
Xu Chengde, or forget it
We must learn his lesson today
After the call, I don't believe your horse will have a long phone call.
Hello
Why can't the user you dialed get through for the time being?
Aren't you Long Shuai?
I see how long you can install it.
Honey, let's go.
In such an incidental investment promotion meeting?
They are not qualified to enter this kind of garbage
It's not the same class as us
In front of the emperor
Is he in trouble?
Who is calling me loudly?